I think Twitter's gonna go where the
experiments tell them to
some things will work some things won't
it sounds like they're taking a lot of
Concepts from a lot of different
platforms
they're gonna spend way more time on
your platform which is going to make it
more popular and help Elon generate some
of his investment back
[Music]
all right so we are going to talk about
how Twitter is doubling down on creators
and we'll jump into it yeah I I think
Twitter's gonna go where the experiments
tell them to so they're running a lot of
tests they're it sounds like they're
taking a lot of Concepts from a lot of
different platforms ex uh patreon and
start leveraging some of the other
Financial models see if you can end up
monetizing better for creators because
if you could monetize better for
creators and give them incentives what
are they going to do they're going to
spend way more time on your platform
which is going to make it more popular
and help Elon generate some of his
investment back yeah I I look at Twitter
as they're just going to run a ton of
experiments like it's going to be a
whole bag of tricks they're going to
whip them out and they're going to see
which ones work and which ones don't and
I think that's smart not because it's
Elon of course you know he's done really
well in life but in business a lot of
times none of us know the right answers
if you want to copy someone else that's
fine but if you really want to do well
you gotta be willing to test and
experiment and try new things and be
open to failing some things will work
some things won't and what I think he's
trying to make Twitter and he didn't
mention this in the past is a end-all
be-all uh platform I think it was like
uh was it WeChat or we pay or something
like that where you can do transactions
and you can do everything on Twitter I
don't know if it'll go down to that path
but what I do think he'll end up doing
is figuring out how to make it more of a
community before Elon Twitter was just a
place where you release some tweets
every once in a while you can do some
videos that you push up but it's more so
a place to get information and Converse
with others and what we found at least
in our industry and it can vary in other
Industries but in our industry a lot of
it is more intellectual educational
based type content versus like check out
a picture of my family and I and I'm not
saying they're getting away from that I
think they still have that but what
they're also adding in is all the other
aspects that make social communities
popular so that way they can get a
bigger slice of the market
so Elon is trying to make Twitter into
this super app to to Neil's point it
could be like a WeChat figure out new
new ideas and new angles while open to
being wrong and so he might seem
immature on Twitter at times but at the
end of the day the guy's a great product
guy and he will try to do what he can to
to make Twitter a place where people
want to hang out more their creator
incentives right now are really good
where if Neil creates like a
subscription or I create a subscription
they're not going to take any money for
a while too so that's pretty that's
pretty incentivizing one thing to keep
in mind is if you haven't seen the BBC
interview of Elon you should check it
out he talks to the BBC interviewer
about misinformation the BBC interview
says like oh there's a lot more hate on
Twitter and Elon asks him for examples
and the guy can't couldn't produce
examples and elon's like yeah you're
lying and most people took that as like
oh Elon just you know burned the BBC guy
I didn't look at it that way and sure
you can there's also that viewpoint but
what I took out of this Elon was
genuinely curious on what was the hate
speech because I believed when I was
listening to it he was like oh cool what
is it I want to know so I can try to
solve it and the second point is Mark
Cuban recently tweeted out saying that
his reach is isn't as good or he's not
getting as many likes or retweets or
whatever you want to end up calling it
and Elon also stated somewhere I forgot
where I read this where like Yeah The
Reach also isn't as good digging into it
and trying to figure out why like he's
actually taking the criticism that
people are giving to try to improve the
platform if someone said hey there's a
ton of hate speech and you can show him
and you know it's it's factual it's not
opinionated I believe he would actually
try to solve it I think that's very
unique with a lot of these social
platforms most of them just try to do
what is producing the most income yes he
is trying to monetize and figure out how
to make more money from the platform
other than just ads but what's
interesting is he's also a Creator
himself and a brand he's actually
working on both aspects in which he
still wants the brands to get the reach
he still wants him to use the platform
because people see their content and
engage with it which is kind of
interesting you can look at most social
platforms they cramped down the reach so
that way people have to spend money on
Advertising Elon trying to figure out
other unique ways to monetize
and not cram down the reach so that way
people just have to be forced to
advertise and by the way we don't want
to make this like a Elon or you know
celebratory Elon podcast it's not about
that at the end of the day it's about
how can you iterate on your product you
know that's a whole other podcast but
that is it for today please don't forget
to rate if you subscribe and we will see
you later now if you have any questions
leave a comment below I'm here to answer
them and help you out if you enjoyed the
video like it share tell people about it
thank you very much